OK.
So welcome back everybody.
We're going to start building our application and this is the point in time where we will actually begin
creating the code for the application.
So the first thing that you need to do is clear the app component Yes or just have the same code as
I do and for DML as well you need to clear it and then type in the same code that I have of course the
code will be available.
You will be able to find it either under the lecture or.
Or just follow up the links in the introduction video.
But I do believe that all of them will be under the lecture so we don't have anything to worry about.
Or you can type them in type them as we go.
If you want to type them as we go.
Just delete everything for the time being.
The entirety of the code and we'll proceed to writing it together.
So we have the same files here as we had before.
But what we are going to do is add another one.
So we're just going to go ahead and say new file and then we're going to type in an account dot model
that TS.
I'd have that right.
Yes.
That's all that we need to do.
I'll explain the moment why we're doing that.
But I am going to copy paste the code primarily because I want to actually be explaining and explaining
and typing is not always the best of ideas but you yourselves should really type the code in and not
copy paste it.
This is not complicated to type in at all.
So in our application we're going to have a list of accounts.
So that is why we are making our own custom type account which is basically a class similar to the similar
to our interface user that we made in the previous tutorials.
So since we are going to use this same type account over and over again across
across different files and export it across different files.
Basically we should export it and we should basically separate it in a completely different file so
that we have it there and we can reuse it on and elsewhere.
It so that we don't have to repeat de-code over and over again for every everywhere else where we might
need discuss them types or we're going to create it here.
We're going to create it in a separate file.
The file will be called Account at bubble dot D.S. and then we are going to recycle this code elsewhere.
That is the logic that I'm following here.
So every account is going to have an ID decide it needs to be unique to accounts can not have the same
ID so each account will have its own ID.
This ID will be some number.
So be it in yeah it's going to be a number.
I don't know the first Gunst can have one that 10 billion account is going to have 10 billion etc. and
this will this I.D. will be of type number.
Also every account will have a title the title will be something or we can type in the first last name
or something like that.
But in any case every account will have a title.
So we create a variable title of type string down below.
Every account is going to have a description as well so that needs to be a string as well.
Right.
And the balance so every account is going to need to have a balance which will determine how much money
does every account have.
And all these are publics because we're going to be using them extensively elsewhere.
So we've placed them into public really and in such a way we're going to be able to recycle them as
much as we want and of course export glass is very important because as I said we want to be able to
use this elsewhere.
Now down below we have a constructor.
Now what does a constructor constructor is a special type of a method which will be used to create an
object of this type.
We basically it's the syntax is pretty much the same as for a method if not the same by it's the same.
So you type in public constructors should be public and they type in constructor ID and then type number
title and then the type String description type string balance type number and these will be used to
set the properties of these values.
Set to set the values of these properties.
Often constructors can have additional logic other than sheer initialization.
You can do in them pretty much everything you can do inside of methods as well.
And its goal is set is to set the values of properties set to proper values.
So how does this function.
Well this constructor will be called somewhere in the code not in the not in this model to be called
elsewhere in the code.
So each time this constructor is called a different instance of this class will be created.
And since each instance instance in each instance the values are pretty much should be different anyway.
They can be the same but each each instance will have its own variables at will.
Properties will have these properties and for each instance these properties values can be different.
So when this constructor is called these arguments are passed to it and then these arguments are used
for initialization and restating this Daut ID is equal to this one.
So we pass ID to constructor and then that ID is used to initialize an ID here and over and over again
the values are not the properties are not being overwritten each time a new one is created for every
instance of the class and that is how we basically initialize them.
So once again you pass an ID here and then that ID is used so this and this corresponds and then that
ID is used to initialize the ID of the current instance of the class.
So basically you're going to have more than one account you're going to have like 10 15 accounts in
each one of those 10 15 accounts is going to need to have an ID title or a description and a balance
and each one of those accounts is going to be a different instance of the class so therefore we need
to initialize these values every time a new account is created or every time a new instance of this
class is created.
OK so we've created our accounts account modeled our teams.
We're going to go ahead and move on continue in the follow up tutorial.